(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) In the first place, the role of the
Church is to preach the Gospel.
And just a couple of days ago we
heard Matthew's Gospel, chapter 25, which says, Jesus
says very clearly, at the end of the
world, we're going to be asked, you know,
how did you receive the foreigner?
Did you receive him and welcome him or
not?
And I think that there's a deep reflection
that needs to be made in terms of
what's happening.
And many people who've lived for years and
years and years, never causing problems, have been
deeply affected by what's going on right now.
The spiritual rights of people who have been
detained should also be considered.
And I would certainly invite the authorities to
allow pastoral workers to attend to the needs
of those people.
Many times they've been separated from their families
for a good amount of time.
No one knows what's happening.
But their own spiritual needs should be attended
to.